Chase Bank Treats You Like A Child
Published on June 10, 2010.
I went to the bank yesterday to fix a $12 fee that shouldn’t have been there.
I kept getting random offers and shit that I really didn’t want to hear.
Like the teller kept trying to show me how to do bill payment through Chase Bank and my credit cards (also through Chase).
Apparently the reason for the $12 service fee was that my accounts weren’t properly linked.
The teller asked her manager if the fee could be reversed and then told me that he could reverse the fee if I agreed to be shown how to do the online bill payment (I had to log in on their computer).
I probably should have just threatened to close my accounts, but I didn’t want to waste more time.
Needless to say, the experience wasn’t a good one.
I’m closer to closing my Chase accounts than ever before.
I’ll probably find a new bank before I do so, though.
I really hate how pushy Chase is to try and get me to open more accounts, use their stupid bill pay and use their debit cards (which I never do).
The worst thing is that all of these “offers” increase the line wait time and just wastes their customers’ time.
Definitely not the way to do customer service.
Anybody know of a good bank that has branches and ATMs in Southeast Michigan?